{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green52\blue65;\red255\green255\blue255;\red117\green149\blue174;
\red14\green115\blue176;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.instructorium.com/cloud-computing/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 Cloud Computing}}
\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.instructorium.com/cloud-computing/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs30 \cf4 Mar 23, 2015}}
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.com/tag/codemirror"}}{\fldrslt CodeMirror}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.com/tag/esprima"}}{\fldrslt Esprima}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.com/tag/html5"}}{\fldrslt HTML5}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.com/tag/javascript"}}{\fldrslt javascript}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.com/tag/jquery"}}{\fldrslt jQuery}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa480
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.instructorium.com/cloud_computing.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf5 Cloud Computing}}
\f0\fs32 \cf2  simulates an environment where a student can write code subject to certain requirements. In this example, the language is javascript, and the requirements are:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}A For Statement containing a Variable Declaration. For example, 
\f2\fs30 for (i=0; i<4; i++) \{ var x = 10 * i; doSomething(x) \}
\f0\fs32 \
{\listtext	\'95	}An If Statement. For example, 
\f2\fs30 if (color === 'orange') \{shout()\}
\f0\fs32 \
{\listtext	\'95	}A While Statement. For example, 
\f2\fs30 while (y>0) \{y--\}
\f0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa480
\cf2 Not yet tested on Internet Explorer.\
The idea is that a teacher could assign a programming challenge to a student, and the student could get immediate validation as to whether or not they satisfy the requirements. The requirements are fully customizable from the back-end. The code editor will output compiling errors to the student also, which is useful for debugging. The student need not set up a javascript environment themselves, and all students can work in the same environment.\
This project uses plain HTML5 with heavy CSS (SASS) for visual effects. The syntax highlighting for the \'93day\'94 theme is my own, while the syntax highlighting for the \'93evening\'94 and \'93night\'94 themes is the popular {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Solarized}} theme. The code editor comes from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://codemirror.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 CodeMirror}}. The Esprima Parser is used to parse the javascript properly, and my own functions validate the student\'92s code. I\'92m trying out a new javascript type checker called {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/philbooth/check-types.js"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 check-types}} that I like so far. RequireJS bundles all the javascript together and optimizes it for the web. I used the Python {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tornadoweb.org/en/stable/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Tornado Web Server}} to host it on a FreeBSD virtual operating system.\
Thanks for taking a look at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.instructorium.com/cloud_computing.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Cloud Computing}}!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540
\cf2 You can also view the code repository {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/MareoRaft/cloud-computing"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 here}}.\
}