{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green52\blue65;\red255\green255\blue255;\red117\green149\blue174;
\red14\green115\blue176;\red228\green235\blue240;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.instructorium.com/colemak-qwerty/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 Colemak \'96 Qwerty 
\f1 \uc0\u8984 }}
\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.instructorium.com/colemak-qwerty/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b0\fs30 \cf4 Feb 8, 2015}}
\f2\b0\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa480

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Mac OSX 10.9 ships with the 
\b Dvorak
\b0  keyboard, the 
\b Dvorak \'96 Qwerty 
\f1 \uc0\u8984 
\f0\b0  keyboard, and the 
\b Colemak
\b0  keyboard, but there is no 
\b Colemak \'96 Qwerty 
\f1 \uc0\u8984 
\f0\b0  keyboard. Here it is:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa480
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://192.241.177.163:8448/ColemakQwertyCmd.keylayout.zip"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Colemak \'96 Qwerty 
\f1 \uc0\u8984 
\f0 .keylayout}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa480
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://192.241.177.163:8448/ColemakQwertyCmd.icns.zip"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Colemak \'96 Qwerty 
\f1 \uc0\u8984 
\f0 .icns}}\
\
You will have to unzip them and make sure their names are as above.\
To install for your user account only, move both files into 
\f3\fs30 ~/Library/Keyboard Layouts/
\f0\fs32 . To install for all users on your mac, move both files into 
\f3\fs30 /Library/Keyboard Layouts/
\f0\fs32 .\
To view/use installed keyboards on your mac, go to 
\b System Preferences > Keyboard > Input Sources
\b0 , then click the 
\b +
\b0  symbol on the bottom left. Choose the 
\b Others
\b0  category on the left sidebar to see any manually added keyboards.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa480
\cf2 \cb6 <hline>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa480
\cf2 \cb3 I created this using the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=ukelele"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Ukelele}} application. If you want to create your own custom keyboards, follow these directions:\
On the Ukelele disk image, open the file 
\f3\fs30 /System Keyboards/Dvorak/DVORAK-QWERTYCMD.keylayout
\f0\fs32 , which is already set up with the 
\f1\b \uc0\u8984 
\f0\b0  key separated from the regular keys (this was a good choice for my goal).\
Keep 
\b View > Sticky Modifiers
\b0  checked, because it enables the ability to edit 
\f1\b \uc0\u8984 
\f0\b0  and 
\b shift
\b0  inputs when necessary. Use 
\b Keyboard > Edit Key\'85
\b0  to change key outputs to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://colemak.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Colemak}} outputs. Sometimes changing a key will also change that same letter elsewhere on the keyboard (often when 
\f1\b \uc0\u8984 
\f0\b0  is selected). When this occurs, use 
\b Keyboard > Unlink Key\'85
\b0  to disconnect the offending key. Repeat this process until all keys are changed. Easier said than done.\
To create an icon for your custom keyboard, follow these directions:\
Use 
\b Icon Composer.app
\b0  from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/downloads/index.action"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Apple Developer Website}} under 
\b Graphics Tools for Xcode \'96 Late August 2014
\b0  (download the entire .dmg file). That application allows you to bundle up images into a .icns file. Do 
\i not
\i0  use Preview to save .icns files.\
}